well folks it's been a very long time
for me but I don't know why I was just
in the middle of casting some games and
I seen pax's Lobby and I just thought
you know what I haven't played in months
I just kind of want to play some chill
da War II I don't know how it's going to
be
chill given I'm up against chaos Lord it
feels like it's really chill fighting
the chaos Lord but I've actually to play
with the for model IST ever since they
were changed should make them a little
bit better in the other game not really
relevant in this matchup since they'll
still get wrecked by
CSM and obviously against Heretics the
idea is uh they don't get into melee
with
you so yeah whatever but uh we we I
don't even know what I go for build now
what is like a decent build I guess you
go for double IST
because I don't know I don't know I
actually don't even know what you do I'm
going to go for double EST because I'm
against chaos Lord
okay that's where I'm at right now I
want a bit more pew pew to focus for him
down early before he gets the combi
Bolter when he gets the comie Bolter I'm
a little bit
screwed a [__] CSM not ideal for
me not ideal we'll get a little bit of
damage out oh a little laggy not
good you can see there it's nice no
model bleed definitely does help
that going rotate my DH in the
middle kind of want to take like a big
fight
here where is his
stuff rotate them to the side support
installation
deployed there you go CAU so then you
proc your melee charge on your strike
Squad boom and you get into melee
love
it we save
up think they really want to take this
fight with me not without an AC yeah
they're too
squishy oh they get their AC
wow nice
timing regroup and repel the enemy
assaults let's
go go ahead sir get into those receiving
I didn't lose a model there so I'm not
too
F
CH just try and bleed him a
bit go are make sure we don't lose our
Squad that' be
embarrassing deoy
plasma we're all right we don't seem to
be taking much damage let's just try and
get some models off of him I
guess oh no I built the wrong Squad I
got operatives oh oh God didn't want
operatives I wanted to try out the new
pation the of
the oh and that freak out made me lose
my
dhit oh for [__]
sake well I [__] it
boys have it stor Troopers report ready
ready here they won't show us Mercy the
enemy
chos they're moving
now let's go they're closing with us
yours is the might of the Ordo malus
let's go to
cover com yet no
damn I really messed up with that
reinforce action complete so shall it be
the enemies of man claim a victory Point
get a move on
men they'll tear us apart in
melee ready here infiltration is over
our enemies are shaken push before they
recover we're moving now to cover all
hold
our Warriors are dying for the
emperor let's go chaos Lord on the chaos
Lord damn that was close we're moving
now get move
onyma
generator get a move on
men chos chaos Marines are attack
go one of our generators is under
attack plasma generator deployed and
operational oh
[__] this is the problem
man I should have had them already over
there that was
bad so shall it
be
research deploy your plasma generator
is retre our Warriors have been
reinforced get
cover reinfor are
here
[__] and's keep the IST on the left where
I expect Heretics to return cuz remember
I don't want them to meet CSM
Storm Troopers
requisition is out
of
up our demon Lev
two
okay it's all right no bade exploit this
Advantage
onwards they're moving now let's go
we're moving now oh our enemies are
capturing a victory
Point
them one of our own has died in service
to the
emperor Retreat are under attack
research
underway understood everyone out we're
moving now tar go Decap the natural
wreck advaning yeah I need more healing
on my DH no it's all right actually I'll
get the armor fortitude
soon a
damn youve got a move on men chaos
Marines are attacking
to they're closing with us let's
go we're moving
open Capture of the target oh [__]
fail didn't realize what was attacking
them
whoops orders I shall SEC the node yours
is the might of the Ordo
malus distributions alone I need to get
a I'm going to get
Crusaders but I also want a
rhino and then I can make him into melee
mode to help out against blood letters
and plague Marines if that's the build
that he goes for which is probably what
he goes for all of this would have been
a lot easier if I didn't have operatives
and I had pation that would have been a
lot
simpler that is
already the enemies of man are capturing
one of our strategic points yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah I don't want to fight
that the enemies of man tremble before
our
Advance get a mov
nope let's
[Music]
go oh they're on the wrong hot key
now that's enough of that
then
out ready here yours is the might of the
one of our generators is under
attack they'll tear us apart in melee
understood yeah they won't win that
fight without their uh the
worship no
chance we need to rotate you along now
and get some good
kills Lo in
soldiers okay that was a really good
engage
for taking theet
sir location
Spott take upon the force glaive and
slay that which offends the emperor
feel like I constantly need
power don't really feel like I want much
investment in these right now not really
doing a whole lot the flow of battle is
in our favor just get more XP on these
keep our pop low so we don't have a lot
of
upkeep be better for us right now I
think our enemies have 300 points just
ignore the blood letters while they got
that support from
the
uhhuh enemy is inflicting losses on our
forces
we have the Target in hand
sir is over they moving
now all
hold we are under D
whoops is
Retreat oh yes oh
no
the can FY them over quite
easily be ready
for all right what else do we
want don't really want anything else to
be honest on him right now shall it
be to enemy action
destination
confirmed moving out
get we are sustaining loses to enemy
action really
I'm really shocked the Crusaders didn't
do better
oh d i just swed
that
yeah
whatever
going I'll go for
infiltration ready let's go we're moving
now our enemies are capturing a victory
Point infra is over I need
TI deployment sanctions get to move on
ready
here they're moving they're cling with
usin
Advance ready for the fight
now let's go eyes
open get a move on men
[__] hell what's that damage coming
out of them against
infantry unlocking higher level
protocols let's go we're moving
now dreadn yeah
okay
[Music]
fine FES High
understood reing fire
one of our generators is under
attack reinforce
complete engage
en there is no
glory
get on us our Demon Hunter reached level
four demon Hunter's kind of kicking ass
right now it's
good get a move on
men just want to bleed this get a move
on men let them have
it temperor see us this
day the enemy is inflicting losses on
our
forces
sake let's go
I'm being too aggressive I guess with
the uh huge VP lead I've got I don't
need to be fighting like
this one of our generators is under
attack get a move on
men deploying plasma generator
we are losing a requisition point to
enemy
action get a move on
men plasma generator deployed and
operational you know we're ready let's
go enemy deploying plasma generator
[Music]
time deed and operational that's
enough get him
C ready here
deploy the forces of the Holy
order
Stormtrooper need my requisition for My
Vault no blow will come answer open
one of our structures is attacked by the
enemy in the enemies of man have
destroyed one of our
structures the enemies of man are
capturing one of our strategic
points get to cover
men I'm going to get the operatives over
to help the vault in ambushing that
dreadn we can get the priest soon to
will be very
useful there
now more like that we'll be ready for
anything yourselves in
gear yours is the might of the Ordo
malus
ready to serve deploy
now ready attacking
now moving
out get
all guns open fire the enemies ofing one
of our strategic
points let's PR into it
soldiers they're moving now we have 300
points
remaining let's go attack
attack attack our Demon Hunter reached
level
five I'm
destroy power of the priest is real
we never did
catch I'll
get
fire
enemy captured the
location get a move
on that's enough of that
then open fire on the enemy
Warrior our Demon Hunter has advanced in
strength I'll get
it ready securing
are okay we need to get some gens
up obviously Terminators would be
amazing but we're never going to get
them resource wise support
installation just need power power power
power
they long
power the enemies of man claim a victory
Point infra is
over our operation yeah got the the
emperor not bad
[Music]
a